# Hysuna

Hysuna is a collection of custom biomes for Hytale. Inspired by [Asuna](https://content.luanti.org/packages/EmptyStar/asuna/) for Luanti, this mod aims to provide a similar breadth of colorful and fantastical biomes for players to explore.

As of this version of Hysuna, only the glowing marsh biome is implemented and it can only be visited via `/instances`. This biome and other future biomes will be integrated into a more complete game experience once Hytale mapgen v2 is more fleshed out to accommodate broader zones/maps.

## How to explore

To access Hysuna biomes, you must have OP privileges in your world (granted via `/op self` in singleplayer) and then you can browse the available biomes via `/instances` and selecting Hysuna in the instance selection dialog.

## Biomes

There is currently only one biome available:

- **Glowing Marsh** - a once wooded marsh now overtaken by glowing mushrooms which have grown to dramatic proportions

## Disclosures

Hysuna is developed with the significant assistance of [Claude Code](https://claude.com/product/claude-code), an AI/LLM tool. This approach is necessitated by the fact that I do not have access to the Hytale Node Editor. Constructing the immensely large and complex mapgen configuration files by hand is not feasible.

Although much of the project's structure was initially generated by AI, meticulous care has been taken to ensure that all elements of the biomes reflect my own artistic vision. Values for noise, delimiters, and curves have been manually tweaked and tested to ensure appropriate layout and behavior. All custom prefabs are sculpted by hand. All elements and features of each biome have been carefully selected without input from AI. Changes are made by hand where feasible.

## Caveats

- As a result of AI-driven development, biome components do not include Node Editor metadata which may make editing these biomes via the Node Editor difficult or impossible.
- Spawn points are high in the air for now, so be prepared for a long drop to the surface when entering a Hysuna biome instance.